So let's talk about mixdowns mixdowns are a super common pattern for creating objects inside of javascript
and the idea is really simple.
What you do is you have an object that you want to make and you have an object that already exists.
So the idea is to take the object that already exist take all of the properties and methods from that
object and put it on the new object.
So the way we might do that is by creating a function like so now we'll call it mixin and it's going
to take two arguments so we'll do the receiver.
And then the supplier like so.
And most libraries have a pattern that's pretty similar to this maybe not exactly the object keys.
Take the supplier and then after I do that we'll do for each loop through it and we'll do an arrow function.
So I'll put spaces there just to make it very clear that it's an of function and normally wouldn't do
that though.
And after that we'll go ahead and slide that down.
And then inside of here I'm going to take the receiver in and set it equal to the supplier property
like so after all of that said and done we'll go ahead and just return the receiver.
Now I'll walk you through this code really quick.
So essentially we get two objects as an argument.
The object we want to make and the object that has what we want.
So in this case we will use object keys.
All this is going to do is take an object as an argument and it'll take all of the properties of that
object and shove them into an array.
So that's why I can use for each right here because now all of my properties of this object I passed
in are in the form of an array.
I loop through each of those items in the array.
And for each item in the array I set the property of this new object equal to the original property
of the object that was passed in after it's all said and done we return that object.
So what it might look like is something like this.
Konst person equals and then after that we'll do name like so.
Equals Andrew.
Age equals ninety nine.
Then if I wanted to make a new person the way I could do it is like this Konst person two equals and
then I do a mixed in like so and I'll pass in an empty object as the first argument and for the second
I'll pass in the object I want to copy from.
Then if I cancelled out log person to like so you'll see that it actually prints out this new object
right here.
Even though clearly I'm printing out person.
So it took this empty object and set all of the properties on it and it did a pretty good job.
Now this is such a common pattern that they created it an easier way to do it without us having to define
our own function in Essex.
So I'll go and show you how to do that in the next.